the most extreme expression of the
wealth of the Gulf cities is in Dubai
home to more skyscrapers per square mile
than anywhere else on earth
this forest of concrete glass and steel
is towered over by the Burj Kalifa
at half a mile high it's 300 meters
higher than any other building on earth
as well as going up the Gulf cities are
spreading out this is the palm it's an
extraordinary feat of Engineering
but each frond was created by dredging
sand from the seabed and on the seabed
is a grassland as rich as the plains of
Africa
the warm sun-drenched waters are perfect
for seagrass the only flowering plant in
the sea
just like the African grasslands these
underwater Plains are home to many
predators and prey a blue spotted ribbon
tail Ray hunts for buried shellfish a
blue trigger fish has the same quarry in
mind small fish like this blenny have to
lie low an annual ated sea snake two
metres long and one of the most venomous
in the world the snake can hunt for up
to two hours on one breath
whole dwelling blennies are a favorite
prey not all the reptiles here
a voracious hunters unlike most sea
turtles green turtles prefer a
vegetarian diet like the whale sharks
many turtles are accompanied by remoras
these ones are squabbling over access
each Remora has a suction pad on its
head which you can stick to animals to
get a free ride a turtle shell is easy
to stick to and worth fighting over
the growth of the Gulf cities threatens
the seagrass Plains and all the weird
and wonderful animals that depend on